Fix Adapters Link (#9009)
nextauthjs/next-auth: docs/docs/configuration/options.md

#### Description

> By default NextAuth.js does not include an adapter any longer. If you would like to persist user / account data, please install one of the many available adapters. More information can be found in the [adapter documentation](https://next-auth.js.org/adapters).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default NextAuth.js does not include an adapter any longer. If you would like to persist user / account data, please install one of the many available adapters. More information can be found in the [adapter documentation](/getting-started/adapters).
```
